Release 0.4.0 (#26)
nginxinc/nginx-plus-go-client: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.4.0 (July 17, 2019)
FEATURES:
* [24](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-plus-go-client/pull/24): *Support `MaxConns` in upstream servers*.

BUGFIXES:

> * [25](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-plus-go-client/pull/25): *Fix session metrics for stream upstreams*. Session metrics with a status of `4xx` or `5xx` are now correctly reported. Previously they were always reported as `0`.

Reviewer: I suggest renaming the corresponding PR as well. Sessions are part of stream server zone not stream upstreams.
```suggestion
* [25](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-plus-go-client/pull/25): *Fix session metrics for stream server zones*. Session metrics with a status of `4xx` or `5xx` are now correctly reported. Previously they were always reported as `0`.
```
